All right it's time for another quick javascript exercise.
And this one's going to cover variables and strings as well as the prompt and cons. dealt Lague methods
that we just covered.
And along with that you'll be writing your javascript in a separate file so you'll need to make an to
himself file a javascript file you need to use a script tag to connect them and then you'll run it in
the browser.
So you're going to make a very simple javascript stocker.
Basically when you refresh the page it's going to ask you for your name your first name.
It's going to ask you for your last name and it's going to ask you for your age and then it's going
to print out a string that says your full name is first name and last name your age is your age.
So I'll show you I'm going to refresh the page here and it's going to ask me for my first name.
So let's go ahead and do my dog Rusty.
His last name Steele his age let's stewed dog years three.
So it doesn't look like anything happened but I've opened up my con. you'll see it says your full name
is rusty steel.
You are three years old.
So a few things I'll point out here.
The spacing is really important.
So it's easy to mess this up to not have a space here or a space missing here or here.
Make sure that you add those spaces in appropriately so that it's a nice formatted sentence also.
These are two separate lines so pay attention to that.
And then one other thing is that you do not need to have any of this to him out here.
This is just for me to explain it to you.
You can just have a totally blank white page of h him.
OK.
So go ahead and attempt this.
Pause the video.
Make your new file your age to e-mail your javascript's and give it a go.